docs: add GitHub Actions Code References integration documentation (#6600)
Flagsmith/flagsmith: docs/docs/managing-flags/github-actions-code-references.md

---
title: Code References
sidebar_label: Code References
sidebar_position: 30
---

# Code References

Flagsmith Code References provide visibility into where feature flags are evaluated in your codebase. By linking your source code metadata to the Flagsmith dashboard, you can identify stale flags, simplify audits, and safely manage technical debt.

<div style={{ display: 'grid', gridTemplateColumns: '1fr 1fr', gap: '1rem', marginBottom: '1rem' }}>
  <a href="/img/code-references-feature-health.png" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" title="Click to expand">

>     <img src="/img/code-references-feature-health.png" alt="Code References in Feature Health tab" style={{ width: '100%', cursor: 'pointer' }} />

Reviewer: Code References are in the Code References tab. Sorry, it's hidden under the three-dot button, which is probably worth the @Flagsmith/flagsmith-front-end team attention.

  </a>
  <a href="/img/code-references-features-list.png" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" title="Click to expand">
    <img src="/img/code-references-features-list.png" alt="Features list with code reference badges" style={{ width: '100%', cursor: 'pointer' }} />
  </a>

> </div>

Reviewer: This layout (see screenshot below) is inconsistent with other documentation pages. The new grid format it introduces brings no value to content IMO, and will actually hinder proper captioning of each screenshot. It lacks description of what each image represents, except for `alt` readers.

<img width="1015" height="418" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/217f96f2-5e31-4dad-9524-f1eaaa288051" />

> <div style={{ textAlign: 'center' }}>*Click an image to open it at full size.*</div>

Reviewer: This is inconsistent with other documentation pages, and irrelevant to this document contents. Please remove.

## How it Works

Code References are populated by a scanning tool that identifies flag evaluations within your repository.

1. **Local Scan**: The runner searches your repository for feature flag evaluations. The scanner utilizes `git ls-files` to identify relevant files, ensuring it only scans code tracked by your version control system.

> 2. **Metadata Sync**: The scanner identifies the file path and line number for each evaluation and sends this metadata to the Flagsmith Admin API.

Reviewer: I appreciate this _is_ metadata, but I think there is little value in introducing new terminology.

```suggestion
2. **Code references upload**: file path and line number for each evaluation is sent to your Flagsmith project.
```
